art_name: Bass Cave deluxe

snailmail: No

brief_descrip: grant will go towards: 
                
               Artist flight from California 
               Bass Cave infrastructure + artwork expenses + gas costs
               +  generator costs

purpose: This is a request for a grant to bring a Live PA psychedelic
         artist from California to play at the Bass Cave camp. This is
         an artist who performed numerous times at Burning Man,
         including the largest sound systems on the playa (Friends and
         Family in 2005, Sol System in 2003-2004, BassWaves in 2002).
         He is a consummate performer, and his music is extremely
         psychoactive and a lot of fun. He will gift his performance
         fee, but we need help to pay for his flight to Denver.  
          
         Plus we'd like help with some of the costs associated with the
         Bass Cave camp setup and infrastructure (last year we spent
         hundreds of our own dollars for gas/lights/art supplies/etc).
         The Bass Cave will consist of a large-scale sound system,
         fluorescent artwork surrounding the area, and several
         string-art pieces. This is a 24/7 installation.  


lnt: We're all experienced burners and will provide trash bags during
     the performance and clean up the location afterwards. 

safety: We will provide free earplugs and lights to illuminate the
        passage to the Bass Cave. 

rating: PG

schedule: We will be there on Thursday night/Friday morning to set up. 

textarea: Round Trip flight from California and associated costs - $400
          
          10 kW generator rental - $200 
          (very) partial cost of gas for generators - $100 
          Art supplies for fluorescent art/lights/earplugs/etc - $100 
          ------ 
          $800 


textarea2: If there is a WORKING 10k+ generator on-site with diesel/gas
           provided, we can do with $450. But the last 2 times we set
           up at the HAR, the generators either died or didn't work
           right (@ the last Apogaea where we had to use 4 other
           generators we brought with us and/or borrowed after the main
           genny died, plus $200 worth of our own gas as well - and at
           Earthdance where the 20K diesel generator rented by Skip in
           town would shut off about every 45 minutes). Our system
           requires about 10kW of power minimum, from a single source.
           We have smaller generators (5500 and 6000 watts) which we
           can use for lights/blacklights.  
            
           We usually rent gennies from Nations Rent - they have very
           reasonable weekly rates for large generators (something like
           ~$200 per week for anything larger than 10kW) and they are
           reliable.  
            
           If we don't get the money to bring the artist here, we'll
           still show up with our own DJs - but it would be great to
           have an infusion of some new amazing music, in my opinion,
           and a way to raise Apogaea's profile.  


web_descrip: The Bass Cave - the habitat of the endangered alien bass
             fish from Neptune. By synchronizing vibrations of their
             bodies, they create powerful waves of energy that enter
             and cleanse your higher awareness while making your rump
             shake uncontrollably to the beat. 