art_name: Divination Station

snailmail: No

brief_descrip: Note: Many parts of this are based on BRC and not Apo. I
               want it fully functional for Apo, however, I realize we
               may not have intersection street names by then and thus
               we will include camps and Apo installations to go to
               instead. 
                
               Overview 
                
                
               This is a dusk-till-dawn only voting station with a 4.5'
               x 6' screen and a podium, about 8 feet away from the
               screen, gives the ability to vote  Hope,   Fear,  or 
               Action.  Each vote triggers a graphic visual display
               according to the category chosen, ending on a Tarot card
               for a one card divination.  The vote will also be
               tallied and the totals given before the burn on Saturday
               night. 
                
               The Major Arcana of the Tarot has 22 cards, including
               Zero - the Fool. These are divided up between the three
               sections.  To vote, the participant presses the button
               of their choice on the podium voting interface. After a
               random multimedia presentation chosen for its relevance
               to the selection, an image of the card is displayed
               along with a description of its traditional
               interpretation and an explanation of why it was chosen
               for this instance at Happy Ass Ranch.  Along with this,
               a street intersection will also be displayed, giving
               participants a choice for instant manifestation and
               further participation within Apogaea as a whole. 
                
               We want people to use this as a tool for what to do next
               on their spiritual journey throughout the fest.   
                
               Another button for  Inaction  will be included on the
               interface for the indecisive or fool-hardy.  This will
               merely cause a continuous stream of all graphics, with
               the delay between each shortening over time until it
               becomes a freakishly quick amalgam of visual overload
               which begs the participant to make up h(i)r own mind. 
               Inaction does not place a counter towards anything.  The
               installation will default to this setting after a set
               period of time.  The quickly changing images should
               serve to bring passers-by to the booth and interact with
               it. 
                
               We have several visual artists designing the cards based
               on Burning Man themes from the time of their inception
               to the present. This is the 21st year of the
               Celebration, one card per year, with Zero representing a
               new, unknown beginning.   07? We are designing the cards
               according to the Tarot, but naming them according to
               different hopes and fears.  Examples: Card 1 The
               Magician - A painting of Larry Harvey sending them to
               Center Camp, Card 21 The Universe - Painting of Mudhenge
               1996 sending them to the Man. 
                
               Writing implements will be provided so they may inscribe
               the location on themselves or compatriots for later
               reference.  They can come back as often as they like and
               be sent somewhere new each time (or the same one,
               depending on the Cosmos.)  This sends them off to
               participate with other installations around Apogaea,
               allowing them instant manifestation of their divination.
               
                
                 
               The Interface 
                
               The User Interface (UI) will run a Windows platform and
               will be written as a locally installed web based
               Application, using a combination of standard HTML, JSP
               (Java Server Pages), Macromedia Flash, and Java.  A web
               browser will be the interface that is used to display
               the UI to the user via the digital projector.  The
               buttons on the voting booth will interact with the
               application and perform the actions indicated by the
               users vote choice. 
                
               The UI will be driven by a donated used computer running
               a very scaled-down version of Linux (probably
               DamnSmallLinux).  We will have at least one spare
               computer on hand in case the first succumbs to the playa
               conditions.  Our filtered air circulation system should
               provide sufficient protection, however. 
                
               Physical Dimensions 
                
               The display will be provided by a video projection onto
               an anchored lycra screen 4.5' x 6' placed approximately
               8 feet from the podium.  The screen will be elevated,
               such that the eye levels of the participant and card
               will meet.  The screen will be free-standing on an
               A-frame and doubly secured with guy-wires anchored into
               the playa.   
                
               The voting itself will be conducted via a modified Simon
               game console mounted to a 4' pedestal which contains the
               video projector and the computer driving the system. 
               This will be anchored to the playa with rebar staples to
               prevent  liberation .  Audio will be provided by
               speakers mounted astride the screen. 
                
               The pedestal will also include a filtered air
               circulation system.  This serves two functions, one
               practical, one functionally artistic.  The filtered air
               will cool both of the components and the hot air will be
               exhausted around the voting implement itself.  The Simon
               will be surrounded by lighting and  faux fire  fabric
               with the delicious effect that participants will need to
               place the body part with which they wish to vote into
               the  fire.   We find this good. 
                
               Leading from the exterior of the installation to the
               screen will be a runway of purple Astroturf with a
               border of chasing rope-light to guide the participants
               in and round-out their initial experience. 
                
               The final stage is ornamentation which will follow the
               same simple lines of Art Deco as the structure of the
               Man.  To follow the ethereal spirit of the installation,
               the colours we've chosen are white, silver and gold. 
               These will adorn the edges of the screen and the opaque
               portions of the podium.  The entire installation will be
               inside a 16' 2-frequency dome to further protect it from
               the harsher elements of the playa and provide a warm
               shelter for the crew and participants. 
                
               There is a human aspect beyond the installation itself
               and the participants.  One member of our crew will be
               present to greet and guide the interactants through the
               process.  (S)he will be wearing the  Great Robe of
               Divination  which will be a playafied gameshow-host
               (think Gene Rayburn) outfit.  This person will be
               replete with a suitably antique microphone piped through
               the sound system.  Intensive training will be given to
               all who would wear the  GRoD .  This delights the team
               endlessly. 
                
               We are going to be bringing a generator to power all of
               it. The fuel cans will be placed in an open-topped crate
               at least 15' from the generator or anything else which
               is deemed a possible fire hazard. 


purpose: Because of the level of interaction with this piece, it must
         be a centerpiece of the camp. As stated above, this a dusk til
         dawn only installation, though it will be inside a dome and
         with Apogaea being only 3 days long I'm willing to try it
         during the day for extra interactive time. Anyone can utilize
         Divination Station, the graphics have been chosen to be "safe"
         for people of all walks of life and yet still bring an element
         of deep thought.

lnt: Our materials for construction will be wood, synthetic fabric and
     general hardware. 
      
     Everything will be made for easier set-up/take-down. I want it to
     be completely self-contained within it's dome, everything with
     it's own travel packaging. I do not want to lose any part of the
     Station as it will be at Burning Man this year for the entire
     event. Myself and my crew will break everything down on Sunday and
     make sure the land it was on looks as untouched as possible. All
     holes filled, grasses raked and all little pieces where they
     belong - in their travel crates.

safety: We have extras of all vital parts within our plans. More than
        one harddrive with the OS and program in full on them, more
        than one Simon game consol ready to be plugged in and used. As
        well as education on what to do in case of a break-down for all
        Emcees and two-way radios for all vital members of the crew
        (programmer, engineer and myself,) so that we can be found and
        brought back immediately in case of an emergency. 
         
        There will be plenty of flashy lights, but no fire,
        conbustibles or pointy objects. I'm clumsy and if I cannot use
        it without hurting myself, I won't use it at all for the
        Station. 
         
        Here is our full saftey plan: 
        We are implementing the use of LED rope and rope lights to
        illuminate the frames of the screen, its A-frame and guy-lines.
        As we mentioned in the description of the podium above, there
        will be lights on the top of the podium, there will be LED rope
        down the front side-seams of it also.  
         
        The podium and A-frame will have holes in the legs and rebar
        staples of the appropriate length run through them, securing
        both podium and screen to the playa. The guy-wires will also be
        anchored to the playa via rebar staples.  All staples will be
        both, flush with the ground and fully lit by the LED ropes to
        prevent tripping or possible collision with art cars, cyclists
        or pedestrians.  In case of generator failure, we will have
        battery operated lights which we can turn on immediately to
        allow full visibility. 


rating: PG

schedule: Since we will have only set it up in familiar settings, I
          would prefer to get it there on Thursday at the latest. Give
          us enough time to build the big pieces, get the dome up and
          do a start up and dry run before the public interacts with
          it. Make sure all bugs have been dealt with to the fullest
          extent.

textarea: 2x4's                          Home Depot 8 @ $2.79 = $22.32 
           
          3/8" x 4' x 8' particle board   Home Depot      1 @ $9.99  
          5/8" x 4' x 8' particle board   Home Depot      1 @ $11.88  
           
          5yds x 62" lycra white          Ebay    5 yards @ $41  
           
          Acrylic sheet 2'X3' 3/16"       Home Depot      1 @ $20 
           
          Ropelight 50'           Ebay + Donations        1 @ $15 
          LED Rope 50             Ebay                    1 @ $15  
           
          Simon game      Donations / Thrift Store 2 @ $5 = $10  
           
          General hardware        Home Depot and donations = $15 
          Corex 4" x 10'          Home Depot              1 @ $4 
          Furnace filters 3 pack  Home Depot              2 @ $5 = $10 
           
          Digital video projector local purchase or donation $400 
          Paint for décor         Home Depot 3 qts @ $8.69 = $26.07 
           
          Coleman 5kW generator   Lowe's or donation     1 @ $599.00 
          Fuel for generator      Lake George 15 gal. @ $3.00  = $45 
          Generator sound baffle materials Home Depot/donation 1 @ $25 
           
          16' geodesic dome w/ PVC cover  donation 
          Astroturf or carpet 4' x 11'    donation/salvage 
          Centrifugal blower              Donation by ahwoo 
          Computer hardware               donation                     
             
          Keyboard/Monitor/Mouse          donation                     
             
          Paintboard                      donation                     
             
          Paint for artists               donation                 
          All decorative fabric           donation                     
             
          Gas cans                        donation                     
             
          Emcee microphone                donation 
          Emcee  Great Robe of Divination  Priceless 
           
          Total without further material donations: $1269.26 
          Though more and more donations are being offered, so I
          believe this total will go down even further. (We've already
          shaved off $700 since the beginning of March and have someone
          wanting to donate much of the remaining amount after all
          other resources have been tapped.) 


textarea2: Realistically, with the donations coming in of both
           materials and funds, we could make do with about $400 -
           $500. This would go towards the projector purchase or
           generator, our two most expensive parts of the project.