art_name: Lotuses Aflame

snailmail: No

brief_descrip: 3-4' wide lotuses cut out of thick sheet metal, complex
               multiple layers of graceful petals curving inward and
               upward to reduce sharp surfaces present or exposed and
               create amazing interleaving patterns.  Anchored 6'above
               the ground on rebar pedestals (and staked), the middle
               of these flowers will light aflame using LPG. 

purpose: Night time, enjoyed by all, able to be placed by itself.

lnt: Everything will be completely removed and returned to pre-existing
     conditions. 


safety: Safety Plan: four large abc fire extinguishers, a first aid kit
        and wet towels will be on hand. 
         
         
        We will build the bases so that the flowers are 6+ feet off the
        ground, wide, staked down well with rebar, and out of reach for
        most.  If needed we will set up a cordoned off perimeter 6-10'
        away from the sculpture with bright surveyors string to keep
        people from getting too close and getting burned or poked. 
        Will attach some glow sticks to either perimeter or base when
        its not on fire.  Will have several fire extinguishers handy, 
        place the propane at a safe distance, and find something to
        chain or strap it to so that it cant fall over.  We will devise
        a safe lighting procedure.

rating: PG

schedule: Friday afternoon setup.  Could come earlier if preffered.

textarea: 124.99 - 100 lb propane tank 
          57.50 - 23.6-gal. LPG to fill the tank 
          78.90 - fittings and hoses 
          16.00 - perforated tubing for dispersing fuel/flame  
          35-40 - recla sheet steel 
          56.50 - 3/4 rebar for base and to stake it down 
          5 - some glow sticks to light it up so that people dont run
          into it when its not on fire 
          3 - surveyors string to keep people at a safe distance (6'
          away) 
          80 - gasoline for a truck/bus to haul the thing to and from
          the event 
          20-30 - welding and torch supplies 
          Favors (slave labor) in return for - borrowing a
          truck/trailer or suitable vehicle, equipment usage, workspace
          usage.  Sledge hammers, fire safety equipment, etc. borrowed,
          hopefully no costs to replace or refil. 
           
          TOTAL: 483.14 + favors 


textarea2: $300 - 350.

web_descrip: The unfolding lotus embodies the endless Ocean of
             Creation. The resplendent and fiery sun god Ra rises from
             the blue lotus, the abyss of the chaos.