art_name: Geometrical String Structure

snailmail: No

brief_descrip: I would like to build a 15' x 5 x 25' structure. This is
               a rough estimate; I have an image I could send for more
               exact proportions. The structure will be wood with nails
               up and down the lengths and black light reactive string
               will be weaved from nail to nail. The name of the
               structure will be Metatron's Cube. 
               I will need: 
               1.Approximately 40 spools of string 
               2.20 2 x 4 s 
               3.500 nails 
               4.2 black lights 


purpose: The purpose of this is to play with the viewer s mind It
         stimulates regions of the brain that are not used everyday and
         remind us of our innate structure and evolution. There is
         geometry in everything; we just don t keep this in mind all
         the time. This structure can be enjoyed both during the day
         and night-but will be especially brilliant to view at night
         with the black lights and dark night sky to bring out the
         lines. 
          
         It will be a part of our camps decorations. I believe we plan
         to have other decorations as well including tapestries and
         other forms of art that will go along with our theme. 


lnt: This structure is very contained-easy set up- and easy breakdown.
     All the string will either be recycled or reused as will the wood
     and nails.

safety: It is not a dangerous structure, but in the past-at burning man
        we taped off the area directly surrounding the structure to
        ensure safety of both the structure and the people from bumping
        in to it.

rating: G

schedule: I plan to start building it from the start-and it should take
          to long. So the first day-friday?

textarea: Costs: 
          1.Approximately 40 spools of string - $120 
          2.20 2 x 4 s                        - $50 
          3.500 nails                         - $5 
          4.2 black lights                    - Already have these 


textarea2: $150