art_name: Palace Lanterns

snailmail: No

brief_descrip: The Palace Lanterns will create a grand pink entrance
               into the Pink Pussie Palace and illuminate our camp at
               night.  The entrance is created by two 8 foot pvc
               columns, each with a pink Styrofoam P attached to the
               top.  There is approximately 20 feet of empty space
               between the entrance columns.  Each entrance column will
               have a strand of 5 nylon pussie cat lanterns that lead
               back to the Pink Pussie Palace. Two more columns are
               placed next to the dome providing an anchor for the
               strand of lanterns.  The length from entrance columns to
               the palace will depend on our placement:  If we have the
               same placement as last year, the length will be about 40
               feet.  Power requirement will be about 200 watts which
               the PPP can supply.

purpose: The purpose our this project is to create an illuminated area
         for nighttime visitors and eye candy for the passerby. The
         lanterns will be bright and pink during the day, glowing pink
         at night. 

lnt: The lanterns will be made of nylon which will be durable in high
     winds and will not pose a leave no trace threat.  The Styrofoam P
     s are made of construction Styrofoam and is also durable in
     inclement weather. 

safety: The lighting mechanism for the lanterns will be construction
        grade light strings. These light strings have cages over the
        lights and are safe in inclement weather.  The 8 foot pvc
        columns will have a cross stabilizer at the foot and will be
        secured with rebar and sandbags.  Electrical cords will be
        routed under the PPP to our generator. Any exposed cords will
        be buried or secured. When the lights shut down in the late
        night, we will have glow sticks illuminating the columns. 

rating: G

schedule: Thursday would be the best day to set up. Assistants to the
          project will be Leslie O Donnell and Jesse Thompson

textarea: 10 Nylon Lanterns $8 each = $80 
          4 10 foot pieces of pvc (8 inch in diameter): $20 each = $80 
          PVC accessories for footing: $20 
          2 sets of 50 foot construction lights: $50 each = $100 
          10 fluorescent light bulbs: about $20 
          Sandbags: $10 
          High Density Styrofoam: $20 
          Paint/primer/ supplies $20 
           
          Total Budget:  $350.00 


textarea2: To see the concept of this project come to life, we need
           full funding. To see a partial version of this, we could
           attempt to use Christmas style lights in place of the
           construction lights. This would significantly lower the
           lighting, but bring our budget down to  $230 
            
           Misc info. . . 
           In case you were wondering. . . the PPP is having a
           fundraiser that will be going specifically toward structural
           damage of the dome and inside decor.