art_name: The Petrol Lasso Boogaloo

snailmail: No

brief_descrip: The main drive unit will be housed in a brushed and
               painted steel cube roughly 2.5 feet on each side. 
                
               The Petrol Lasso Boogaloo is self-powered and runs on
               gasoline.

purpose: The Petrol Lasso Boogaloo is the next step in Boogaloo
         technology.  Like its predecessor, the Electric Lasso
         Boogaloo, the PLB is a cyclic rope flinger, hurling a length
         of blacklight reactive climber's rope in a continuous loop
         perpendicular to the horizon.   
          
         Where the ELB was able to attain a meager 15 foot height, the
         Petrol Lasso Boogaloo should be able to reach the dizzying
         height of 40 feet or possibly more through the use of an
         engine roughly 18 times more powerful than before and a drive
         mechanism vastly improved over the original.  
           
         The PLB will most likely be moored at the edge of my camp but
         because it is self-powered, it can be placed anywhere at Happy
         Ass Ranch, as long as there is room for the throw.  If other
         participants want to incorporate it into a performance piece,
         so much the better! 
           
         The PLB works best when participants interact with it.  When
         left to its own devices, it returns to its default state of a
         gently waving arch of rope in the sky.  When participants
         perturb the rope, it comes to life, forming graceful loops and
         swirls in the sky.   
          
         While it is quite impressive during the daytime, the
         blacklight nature of the rope makes it spectacular at night,
         where it transforms into an undulating, fluorescent alien
         being. 

lnt: The rope for the PLB travels through the air for most of its
     journey, but on its return trip it lands on tarps laid out in its
     path.  This is not only essential for avoiding damage to the rope,
     but also prevents the rope from digging a rut in the soil.  
       
     Because it is a gas engine, the main drive unit will also be
     sitting on a tarp to catch any stray petroleum product leaks and
     keep them from contaminating the Ranch.

safety: Like many fun things, the PLB *does* have the potential of
        causing harm -- it's a rapidly moving rope, after all.  The
        main possible hazards are rope burns and someone getting caught
        in the rope.  The operator (Boog Jockey or BJ) will try to keep
        people from grabbing the rope in a foolish fashion and getting
        a friction burn on their hands.  Gloves will also be on hand
        for the uninitiated and/or those wishing to intentionally be
        foolish.     
         
          
        The new and improved drive mechanism makes use of a manual
        clutch system and throttle control in the form of a "Carny
        Lever" which requires active operator tension to operate. In
        the event that anything gets caught in the rope, the operator
        releases the spring-loaded lever which immediately disengages
        the drive mechanism and the rope tension will drop to zero.  
          
        If, during testing, Team Boogaloo discovers that this is
        insufficient, we will address other means of protecting the
        participants while maintaining maximum safe interactivity

rating: G

schedule: The PLB's portable nature means that we will require no
          special consideration for setup.

textarea: Engine $200 
	Rope $100 
          Sheet Steel $80 
          Tools $75 
          Angle Iron $25 
          Hardware $50 
          Paint $15 
          Petrol $20 
           
          TOTAL $565 


textarea2: $400 would be the ideal grant to get the PLB up and running
           in time for the event.  That may seem like a lot, but I live
           on a very limited budget and funding the Petrol Lasso
           Boogaloo myself would be cost-prohibitive. 
             
           We have 2/3 of the original Team Boogaloo working on this
           latest iteration and a sucessful proof-of-concept under our
           belts.  The robustness of the new design, combined with its
           sturdier construction, will mean that the PLB will be able
           to be enjoyed by both our regional community at Apogaea (and
           other events) and the national Burning Man community on the
           playa for many seasons to come.    
             
           Given the attention the ELB got both within and outside our
           community (several column inches in the Westword story), I
           think it would be money well spent by the organization.   
            
           Thank you very much for your consideration.  If you need
           clarification, have other concerns, or just want to chat
           about Boogaloos, please don't hesitate to call or write!