art_name: Phoenix- bringer of new cycles

snailmail: Yes

brief_descrip: This piece is intended to burn, so it will be composed
               primarily of wood, with a steel spine and base.  It will
               be 12 feet tall, 3 feet wide in one plane, and about 8
               feet wide in the other plane. We will not need power,
               unless a tertiary artist wishes to light the effigy
               before burning it. 

purpose: This piece is meant to be the centerpiece of the whole
         shebang- the effigy to be burned at the climax (yes, YES,
         YEEES!).  I will have a crew of four people helping me build,
         maneuver, and clean-up after the burn.  Please see sketches,
         proposal given to Maquette.

lnt: We will need the assistance of someone with a magnet broom to
     collect hardware used to build this sucker after the burn.    

safety: Ideally, one of my crew will be tending the fire after the
        burn, but it would be helpful if apo-ops can help us with this
        need for personnel.  Of course, in accordance with fire safety,
        there must be ample extinguishing gear readily available.  IT
        IS IMPERATIVE THAT ACTIVE POLICING OF LOCATION OF CAMPS AS THEY
        ARRIVE KEEPS LARGE COMBUSTIBLES OUT OF THE BURN CIRCLE AND A
        REASONABLE RADIUS SURROUNDING IT!!! 'Nuff said (or is it?).

rating: PG

schedule: Ender, Uncle Dave, and Forest are the current Phoenix crew. 
          We will be attempting to build the major parts of the
          sculpture prior to delivery, and may deliver these a week in
          advance.  However, we would like to have the effigy done
          before doors open, so we intend to assemble these parts
          sometime during the week previous to the event.

textarea: I don't have the breakdown in front of me, but we really need
          $700 to break even on all costs.  This would include: 
          wood, rebar, nails and screws, chicken wire, rope, and gas
          for several trips.  This amount may change if we can get wood
          donated, but this would be subject to the approval of the
          lead on this project, Ender (me).  

textarea2: It would be very difficult for us to accomplish this project
           for less than $500.