art_name: Wild West Wagon

snailmail: No

brief_descrip: Reminiscent of an old time hay ride without getting
               sticks up your butt.    
                
               The Wild West Wagon would consist of one Yamaha 660 ATV
               pulling an open bed trailer that will have PVC bent over
               the top and covered in lights to resemble the skeleton
               of a covered wagon.  The inside of the trailer will have
               pillows on the sides for seating separated from a 12
               inch diameter propane fire pit to stay warm all the
               while listening to the sounds of the wild west. 
               The materials involved are as listed: 
               ATV  
               8x10x2 single axle open bed trailer with sides and
               covered wheels. 
               Propane fire pit surrounded by 60lb keystone blocks to
               hold in place along with 20lb tank.  
               Boom box size sound equipment 
               PVC pipe for covered wagon skeleton wrapped with lights.
               
               Layer of pillows for seating

purpose: The pillow wagon would provide all participants with enjoyable
         transportation around the event. 

lnt: Trash bag will be provided for what is brought onto the wagon.  

safety: The propane fire pit is a steel ring with 12 gauge pressed
        aluminum heat shield standing on 4, 6  support legs surrounded
        by 5 to 8, 60lb (16 x 14 x 12 ) formed keystone concrete
        blocks.  These blocks will separate pit from pillow seating
        area as well as hold shield in place.   The 20lb tank will be 
        secured on separate location on trailer.  Tank has  feeder
        hose, regulator and auto-overflow shutoff valve with a 12 inch
        flame height limitation.  2 fire extinguishers will be on board
        in clear and marked locations .  The ATV has its own head and 
        tail lamps (DOT Reg.) and the trailer will have 12 volt string
        or rope lights along the sides and the skeletal wagon cover.   
        There will be only one sober driver of the ATV who has 10 hrs
        OSHA training and a small equipment certification.  When in
        motion will stay at 5 mph and driver and spotter will
        communicate with each other with an  all clear  to make sure
        sides of trailer are safe before moving.

***the fire goddess spoke to the applicant and had them modify the fire pit so that it is secured to the bed of the wagon.  

rating: G

schedule: No early entry needed, can set up when arrive at event.

textarea: Gas - $50 
          Lights - $125 
          Pillows - $150 
          Hose clamps - $20 
          Zip ties - $10 
          Propane - $60 
          PVC - $80 
          PVC cross ties - $20 
          Flex steel tube for exhaust redirect - $60 
          Total = $575

**** additional nuts and bolts per fire goddess could raise the total cost to $580. (i'm thinking)

textarea2: $300