art_name: The Worm Hole

snailmail: No

brief_descrip: The Worm Hole is a fancy name for a 100 foot zip line
               which will be set up using brand new, safety tested
               climbing equiptment and two sturdy trees approximately
               100 feet apart and with a difference in elevation of 20
               to 30 feet.  I plan on building a 4'x8' sign with lights
               for the entrance at the bottom edge of the tree line and
               I will use several hoops of battery powered EL wire up
               and down the zip line to create a worm hole effect at
               night.  

***when asked about the appropriate space for this piece the artist replied: I need to  find a lonely tree at the edge of that particular forest and hopefully  find another tree about 80ft. up the hill with a straight plane of  sight between them.  The zip line could also be at an angle to the  hill which actually might give us a safer and more steady speed.   The possibilities are endless and there are so many trees that I am  confident that I could make it work.  Ideally, the ride should be  at least 60ft. 

purpose: This is an interactive art piece that can be placed by itself
         and will open for two evenings(Friday and Saturday).  When I
         am not present, I will remove the riging rendering the zip
         line useless.  

lnt: There will be no moop created in the construction and the trees
     will be wrapped and padded before the ropes come into contact with
     them.  

safety: As I said, the rigging will be removed when the zip line is not
        in operation.  The safeguards for operation will include and
        brake and padded surface at the bottom of the zip line, and and
        a brand new double pulley and harness system currently used by
        professional rock climbers for traversing large crevases.  By
        the way did I mention that I am a professional rock climber and
        climbing wall builder?  Also, I will require children under 18
        to be accompanied by an adult.

***when asked about judging the sturdiness of the trees, the artist replied:   As far as the trees...   Call me an onsight engineer but I am  confident that I can tell which trees are sturdy enough just by looking  at them.  

rating: PG

schedule: Early afternoon on friday.

textarea: 100 ft. of static climbing rope         $100.00 
          professional double pulley system       $100.00 
          adjustable climbing harness              $50.00 
          100 ft. uncut EL wire                   $120.00 
          12 EL wire inverters                     $80.00 
           
          TOTAL                                   $450.00     

**** when asked about the cost of the brake and the crash pads, the artist replied: The brake for the pulley is built in  and I plan on borrowing climbing crash pads which are fall rated.            

textarea2: If need be I could get rid of the lighting effects and just
           get the rigging for $200.00 